Then we have another option right here.
Chick Haast profile compliance of associated entity if we click on it it shows your a note on the site
because he does not have any hosts attached to this host's profile.
Then we have attachés a host profile to a halt and then we click on that you are partial to a different
house we have.
So for example we want to use this hospital provide in our our host so we click on this option then
we select the cluster we can add the default cluster that's mean we want to apply the stitching to the
far E6 I also into a cluster or we can pick up the ones that we want for example E-6 einem but we look
at our Should is X I number two other is X I number four number five.
Tell all you can.
Our default cluster like this one.
Then of course if you have another cluster and so on and so on what you want to delete someone you click
detach and Attash or you can choose this option.
Attash and detached are of each house.
So for example we click Next it will the check.
The difference is I Holst's And of course it will give you our customized Haast.
That's me when we try to attach this Haast profile we exported and it is I number one one of the data
that we have in that is x.
Number one is if the others do ID and some other information that should not be the same in another
house.
One of the rules that you should know that you can't apply for stitching exported from is X I host number
one to another E6 I host non-battle will give you a colorfully if you remember when we clone our virtual
machine to complete we create our specification file you get to do a specific configuration for another
virtual machine.
And also we chose that Droguet the deployment of new virtual machine from a template with our deployment.
Ask administrators to give our hostname our system name for the machine also give our address and generates
on your ES ID and so on and so on some information should not be duplicated.
And if for example in this example we should not duplicate the address or we will have our conflicts
in our network.
We should most duplicate the MAC address also which will not duplicate the ID of the host and so on
and so on.
So in the real environment we can't attach the first meeting of a hospital fight in a modern host profile.
This is our wrong step.
So here is give you the details that should not be changed.
For example this is the address of the host.
If you take this one for example the host of E-6 I number one the are on formation.
For example this name should be in a tree.
If we leave this one ours in the hospital if I have the name is X I won and this this is it is a number
we should not change the name of the horse in the MAC address and so on and so on all this information
should not be changed.
So this is a surmise.
Let me ask you to customizes confirmation because it is illogical to use the same information.
So when we click Finish it will appreciate this one.
But to avoid any mistake and destroy my love I will consider this one.
But of course you can complete this process by click Finish.
So just do it in a safe place to avoid damaging my house and I need to rebuild the file Haast from the
beginning.
So this is a different option we have.
Also we have some other option right.
Check.
Hospital fire compliance is deceived as one attache.
It has this option that we see Copi ceasing from horoscope is hitting too hard.
Duplicate export and it is sitting.
Then rename the deletes.
So next we'll see.
It is searching to discover more about the host profile.
So don't be.